we don't do who he'd love he wouldn't
exist I'm good like nothing really
matters to him right now
including me you gotta think real hard
about this do you have people that need
you no I'm taking the fight
Victor Drago son of Ivan Drago who
infamously killed Apollo Creed appeared
today to issue a challenge to Adonis
cream don't do this ain't got a choice
that's the same thing your father said
you died right here in my hands
that kid was raised in Haiti dangerous
he broke things to me that I never been
fixed ain't worth it
it's not just us anymore of day I want
to rewrite history if you want to fight
this man that's your business but don't
pretend this is about your father
this here is all about my way
tonight of his hairs it was fine without
Plus lips
the tribulation
this won't be the end to me
are you
they can't because we a team
[Music]
now you know what you're fighting for
Brown after brown you learn more about
yourself when I stepped in Henry it
wasn't all about me
[Music]